Every day throughout this course, you will end up creating a program that can be applied in real life.
In this first day will be no exception.
You are going to create a program that will help a user create a clever and original name for a beer
brand.
Well, actually, it could be a use to create a brand name for any kind of product.
But we are going to think about a name for beer just for now.
Keep in mind, however, the first programs you create like today will not be super flashy with a nice
interface.
Until we get more coding skills.
The outcome of your first programs will be pure code on a black screen that returns a cold and dry result.
As you advance, you will be adding functionality so that your programs are effective as well as attractive
to learn how to program the goal we have set today.
You must first do a few things, such as installing Python on your computer, installing PI charm,
which is the software we will use to work with Python.
And to create the first program, you need to learn a set of tools like the print statement, strings,
concatenation in the input function.
I'll be waiting for you in the next lesson so that we can get started together.